Gensokyo was peaceful.

Reimu Hakurei, the shrine maiden of the Hakurei Shrine, was also drinking tea peacefully.
With no visitors as usual, there was nothing to do at the shrine.
For the past few days, her daily routine had been to sip tea while gazing at the Great Barrier, as if remembering to check on it.
A familiar figure appeared in the desolate shrine grounds. A figure wearing a black witch hat and waving her hand was, surely...

Reimu "Marisa... right? Yeah, it's Marisa."
Marisa "Hm? I am me, you know?"
Reimu "Hmm, maybe I'm going senile. Your name didn't come out for a moment."
Marisa "Maybe your brain isn't working because you're slacking off? It's been peaceful with nothing happening lately."
Reimu "It's better if nothing happens. Or are you saying it's better to have lots of trouble?"
Marisa "No, I'd rather avoid being busy too."
Reimu "See, so it's fine as it is. I've been busy enough lately anyway."

The shrine maiden originally serves the shrine, not a handyman. Due to the recent frequency of incidents,
her main job and side job had been reversed, but this is the original form.
However, returning to normal didn't mean visitors increased. The shrine maiden business was still dormant as usual.

Reimu "By the way, didn't you come here for something?"
Marisa "No, if I had to say, I just wanted to drink tea on my way home, so I stopped by."
Reimu "You thought you could drink here?"
Marisa "I came because I thought so. Unfortunately, seems I missed the mark."
Reimu "Good grief... if you were expecting tea snacks too, I would have kicked you out. Here."
Marisa "Oh, sorry about that."

Sipping the freshly poured tea, Marisa took out a book.
Reimu sighed in amazement. Seeing the old, unfamiliar grimoire,
it was obvious what Marisa had done and where she had come from.
Presumably, right about now in the library, an asthmatic witch is grumpily drinking tea.
Eventually, Marisa stood up. The teacup was completely empty.

Marisa "Sorry for intruding."
Reimu "If you think so, put some money in the offertory box."
Marisa "Put it on my tab if possible."

Marisa floated into the sky on her well-used broom. Perhaps thinking she would be nagged from behind,
she flew off at full speed towards the Forest of Magic. Her figure faded.
While Reimu rubbed her eyes, Marisa had disappeared. Feeling a little jealous of her speed,
Reimu tried to clean up the teacup.
Reimu noticed that the grimoire had been left behind.

The next day, Reimu reluctantly headed to the Scarlet Devil Mansion. With Marisa's souvenir in one hand,
she opened the heavy door of the Great Library.

Patchouli "Oh, how rare. What brings a shrine maiden here-"
Reimu "Marisa forgot this at the shrine. It's a book from here, right?"

Reimu held out the book as if she had no interest in it. Patchouli received it suspiciously,
and piled it on the mountain of books on the table.

Patchouli "...I don't need to say thank you to a thief, do I?"
Reimu "Wait a minute, thief? Me?"
Patchouli "Isn't that right? Certainly this is a library book, and we don't lend books out here.
Nevertheless, you from the outside brought the book. If you're not a thief, what are you?"
Reimu "How rude, I'm just a shrine maiden. Besides, I said at the beginning that Marisa left it."
Patchouli "Marisa? Um... ah, that black magician.
I certainly thought I saw her in the library occasionally, but..."

There was something strange about the way she said it. Why use such a vague expression?
Reimu didn't understand at that time.

Reimu "Besides, I wouldn't read a grimoire. If I were to steal, it would be a prayer book at best."
Patchouli "...Phew, well fine. Since it has returned here like this."
Reimu "Good grief, maybe I should have just sold it to Kourindou."

Complaining, Reimu left the library. Marisa might be there when she returns to the shrine.
She wondered slightly how Marisa would react if she knew she returned the grimoire.

However, in the end, Marisa did not show up that day. Nor the next, nor the next.
Thinking it strange, Reimu went to the Forest of Magic but could not meet Marisa.
On the contrary, she couldn't even reach the house. Reimu thought it was like being in the corridor of Eientei.
However, there was no distorted feeling at all. That was conversely eerie.

Suddenly, she remembered Patchouli's reaction.
That reaction, wasn't it that she couldn't remember Marisa?
While telling herself 'no way', she tried to remember herself.
Reimu finally realized that she was also starting to forget Marisa.




Reimu "I can't find Marisa... no, there are few who can recognize 'Marisa' anymore."

Spending a few more days, Reimu carefully asked around.
And she was convinced that her thoughts were not wrong.
Even Patchouli and Alice, who should have had much interaction, only thought 'oh, I wonder if there was such a guy',
and many times she was asked 'Who is that?'.

Reimu "Is it because we've known each other for a long time? I can somehow remember her name and appearance."

She knows that memory is also blurring rapidly.
However, even if she understood, she had no idea what to do.

Reimu "...Well, I guess I'll start by catching the person herself."

Gensokyo was peaceful.

For most youkai, for the majority of humans, it was peaceful.
But Reimu's Gensokyo is different. Something precious is about to be lost from her Gensokyo.
The boring time announced its end, and now the shrine maiden flew into the sky for the umpteenth time.
